.ig
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2020-2021 Ivan Klymenchenko

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
..
.TH smug 1 "Mar 2021" "smug 0.2.0" "smug - a session manager for tmux written in go"

.SH NAME
smug - a session manager for tmux written in go

.SH SYNOPSIS
smug [options] [command]

.SH DESCRIPTION
smug is a session manager for tmux. Configuration is inspired by tmuxinator and tmuxp.

.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
.TP
.B "-d, --debug"
Print all commands to ~/.config/smug/smug.log

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B "list"
Display all smug project configurations.
.TP
.B "start [<projectname>]"
Start a tmux project session.
.br

.B COMMAND OPTIONS
.TP
.IP
.B "-f, --file"
A custom path to a config file.
.TP
.IP
.B "-w, --windows"
List of windows to start. If session exists, those windows will be attached to current session.
.TP
.IP
.B "-a, --attach"
Force switch client for a session.

.TP
.B "stop [<projectname>]"
Stop tmux project session

.TP
.B "print"
Print current session configuration as yaml to stdout

.SH EXAMPLES
$ smug list
.br
$ smug start blog
.br
$ smug start blog:win1
.br
$ smug start blog -w win1
.br
$ smug start blog:win1,win2
.br
$ smug stop blog
.br
$ smug start blog --attach
.br
$ smug print > ~/.config/smug/new_project.yml

.SH AUTHOR
Ivan Klymenchenko

.SH SEE ALSO
.B Project homepage:
.RS
.I https://github.com/ivaaaan/smug
.RE
.br

.SH LICENSE
MIT
